40
Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.
Being single is better than being in an unfaithful relationship.
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Getting out of bed in winter is one of life's hardest mission.
The future is scary but you can't just run to the past cause it's familiar.
I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.
Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that's when we find out just how strong we really are.
If they throw stones at you, don't throw back, use them to build your own foundation instead.
When there's no expectation, losing won't bring hurt, gaining makes you surprised.
Sometimes your plans don't work out because God has better ones.
How much truth of heart in one's life is told in a joke?
A relationship should be between two people, not the whole world.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you don't stop thinking about yesterday.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
True mastery of any skill takes a lifetime.
Sweat is the lubricant of success.
If you are doing your best,you will not have to worry about failure.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Bravery never goes out of fashion.
Those who turn back never reach the summit.
Proper preparation solves 80 percent of life's problems.
Winners do what losers don't want to do.
Every noble work is at first impossible.
We improve ourselves by victories over ourselves. There must be contests, and we must win.
Giving is a reward in itself.
Never underestimate your power to change yourself!
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
You have to believe in yourself . That's the secret of success.
One's real value first lies in to what degree and what sense he set himself.
Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
Man struggles upwards; water flows downwards.
Don't part with your illusions . When they are gone you may still exist , but you have ceased to live.
Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal , there is no secure direction ; without direction , there is no life.
If winter comes , can spring be far behind?
If you doubt yourself , then indeed you stand on sky ground.
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. 
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
25